# 1.17 Upgrading Guide

## Registration

Some methods in `IRegistrar` are renamed:
 - `registerStackProvider` -> `registerIconProvider`
 - `registerEntityStackProvider` -> `registerIconProvider`

Component provider registration methods no longer accept interface or TileEntity classes. You can register with the base class and filter it inside the provider.

`IRegistrar#registerTooltipRenderer` is removed because you don't need to register your renderer any longer. 

`IRegistrar#registerOverrideEntityProvider` is removed. Use `WailaRayTraceEvent` instead to have more flexible control to the target.

## Component Providers

`appendHead`, `appendBody` and `appendTail` are now merged into one method `appendTooltip`. You can get current `TooltipPosition` using `accessor.getTooltipPosition()`

`ItemStack getStack(IDataAccessor accessor, IPluginConfig config)` is changed to `IElement getIcon(BlockAccessor/EntityAccessor accessor, IPluginConfig config, IElement currentIcon)`, which means you can render anything as an icon, not only item.

## UI Elements other than Text

`RenderableTextComponent` and `ITooltipRenderer` are removed. Instead of manipulating `List<Component>`, you are now manipulating `IElement`s, and text component is a type of them.

For example, to display an item:

``` java
IElementHelper helper = tooltip.getElementHelper();
tooltip.add(helper.item(itemStack));
```

or render your own element:

``` java
tooltip.add(new MyElement());
```

### Debug Your Elements

Open `jade.json` in `config/jade` folder. Set `general.debug` to true. Then press `numpad 0` in game to refresh configuration. Then it will render outline for every element to show its exact position.

## `ITaggableList`

`ITaggableList` is removed. Now the minimal taggable element is `IElement`.

For example, to tag a text element:

``` java
IElementHelper helper = tooltip.getElementHelper();
tooltip.add(helper.text(text).tag(identifier));
```

or use the simplified shorthand version:

``` java
tooltip.add(text, identifier);
```

## Server Data

Due to security concerns, `accessor.getServerData()` will return an empty compound tag if the block entity or entity does not have a `IServerDataProvider`. You need to sync useful data by yourself.
