# 1.20 -> 1.21 Upgrading Guide

## Theme Customization

The theme system was fully introduced in 1.20.2, allowing users to change all the text colors, which means you should no
longer hardcode any color via `Component#withStyle`. Instead, use things
like `IThemeHelper.get().success(componentOrString)` to highlight your text.

Also, there is a `IThemeHelper.get().isLightColorScheme()` method provided to check if the current background color is
light or dark, so you can adjust your text color accordingly.

## Line Spacing

Now, There is a 2-pixel line spacing between each line. You can use `tooltip.setLineMargin(index, side, margin)` to
adjust the margin for each line.

You should only modify the margins for the lines that you added.

For example, if you added the last line, to remove the spacing between the last two lines:

```java
tooltip.setLineMargin(-1, ScreenDirection.UP, -2);
```

For the rule of calculating margins,
see [Margin collapsing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Model/Mastering_margin_collapsing).

## Callbacks

Now, the whole tooltip is also an `IElement`, so some callbacks' parameters are changed. You need to get the current
tooltip using `rootElement.getTooltip()`.

## IServerExtensionProvider

In the last major version, I forgot to change the signature of `IServerExtensionProvider#getGroups`. Now it is fixed to
respect the changes in `IServerDataProvider`.

The first type parameter of `IServerExtensionProvider` is removed, and there is only one type parameter now.

The `target` parameter of the `getGroups` method has been removed. You can still get the target from `accessor.getTarget()`, but it may
be `null` because the context is now allowed without a block entity.

## IWailaCommonRegistration

You can now pass a block class when registering an `IServerDataProvider` or `IServerExtensionProvider`, which means that you can now add
server data providers for blocks that do not have a block entity.

## Canceling requests

A new method called `shouldRequestData` is added to `IServerDataProvider` and `IServerExtensionProvider` to determine on the client side
whether you should request data from the server. In most cases, you should not check for plugin settings in this method. The method
returns `true` by default.

## IElementHelper

`ITooltip#getElementHelper` has been removed. You should now use `IElementHelper.get()` directly.

## Renaming

- `snownee.jade.api.Identifiers` is renamed to `snownee.jade.api.JadeIds`
- `snownee.jade.api.ui.Direction2D` is renamed to `snownee.jade.api.ui.ScreenDirection`
